.\" Manpage for firewall-tester.
.\" Contact svirepunchik@gmail.com to correct errors or typos.
.TH firewall-tester 1 "04 Apr 2018" "1.0" "firewall-tester man page"
.SH NAME
firewall-tester \- NMAP-based bash script for testing target server or a set of servers for an unnesessary opened ports.
.SH SYNOPSIS
firewall-tester [-h] [-s server_name|server_ip] [-a "port1, port2, ..., portN"] [-l /path/to/log.file] [-b]
.SH DESCRIPTION
In normal mode it takes target server name (or server IP) and a list of allowed ports. The result is a list of opened ports, excluding the allowed. This allows you to know if target server contains unnesessary opened ports.
.SH OPTIONS
Short:
  -h                              — displays short help.
  -s <server name or IP>          — sets target server. Default is 127.0.0.1.
  -a "port1, port2, ..., portN"   — sets a list of allowed to be open ports for target server. Default is "22, 80, 443".
  -l /path/to/log.file            — sets custom log file. Default is /var/log/firewall.scan.log.
  -b                              — sets batch mode. In this mode list of target servers and their allowed ports is taken from /etc/firewall-tester/server.list. Default is OFF.
  
Long:
  --help      — equal to -h
  --server    — equal to -s
  --allowed   — equal to -a
  --logfile   — equal to -l
  --batch     — equal to -b
.SH FORMAT OF /etc/firewall-tester/server.list
  server1 <tab> port1, port2, ..., portN
  server2 <tab> port1, port2, ..., portN
  ...
  serverN <tab> port1, port2, ..., portN
.SH HOOKS
Hooks are located in /usr/share/firewall-tester. There are two files:
  hook-server.sh \- called when script detects at least one unnesessary opened port on target server. It receives three parameters:
    1. server name (or server IP)
    2. list of allowed ports
    3. list of opened ports
  
  hook-all.sh \- called when script detects at lease one unnesessary opened port on al least one target server. It receives nothing.
.SH BUGS
No known bugs.
.SH AUTHOR
Dmitry Svintsov (svirepunchik@gmail.com)
